ÖÐÎÄEnglish

HOME
 
ABOUT US 
ABOUT HENU
ABOUT US
 
NEWS 
NEWS
 
INTERNATIONAL STAFF 
RECRUITMENT
FOREIGN EXPERTS
FACULTY EXCHANGE
VISA APPLICATION
 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
STUDY AT HENU
STUDENT EXCHANGE
 
INT'L S&T COOPERATION 
CONFERENCE
LABORATORY
PROGRAMS

Int'l S&T cooperation
ConferenceLaboratoryPrograms
0
0
The 5th HENU/INFER Workshop on Applied Macroeconomics
From£ºInternational Affairs Office     Date£º2019-04-01    Read Points£º2








From 2019 March 29th to 30th, the 5th HENU/INFER Workshop on Applied Macroeconomics, jointly sponsored by School of Economics of Henan University and INFER ( International Network For Ecomomic Research ) was held in Kaifeng Lavanda hotel. Nearly 100 experts and scholars from all over the world gathered together to jointly discuss the frontier issues of applied macroeconomics. Professor Sun Junjian, Vice-Chancellor of HENU attended the meeting.

 

Professor Lawrance Christiano, Associate Editor of ¡¶the Journal of Monney. Credit and Banking¡·, Professor Randall Wright, Founder of Monetary Search Theory,and Professor Joshua Aizenman, Co-Editor of ¡¶Journal of International Money and Finance¡· were invited to serve as the keynote speakers at the conference. On behalf of HENU, Sun Junjian presented the Certificate of Honorary Professor to the 3 keynote speakers.

At the opening ceremony, Professor Camelia Turcu, Chair of INFER along with Song Bingtao, Dean of the School of Economics of HENU expressed a warm welcome to the experts, and encouraged them to actively participate in academic exchanges of INFER, so as to promote the development of international macroeconomics. The opening ceremony and welcome party were hosted by Professor Makram El-shagi, Director of the Financial Development and Risk Assessment Laboratory of HENU.

In the two-day meeting, participants held group discussions and paper reports on applied macroeconomics, such as international trade, international finance, macro prudential policies, real estate market, open economy and macro-economic shock research. Professor Lawrance Christiano made a report on financial frictions in macroeconomic research, focusing on the current situation and frontier of financial frictions in contemporary macroeconomic research. Professor Randall Wright introduced the current situation and frontier of the instability modeling of financial intermediation in the framework of Monetary Search Theory. Professor Joshua Aizenman analyzed the vulnerability of fiscal policy. The 3 professors put forward valuable suggestions for the papers of the participants when participating in the group discussion. Some excellent papers of this meeting would be published in ¡¶Journal of International Money and Finance¡· after peer anonymous review process.

 

The HENU/INFER Workshop on Applied Macroeconomics has been held for 5 consecutive sessions, and has developed into one of the significant platforms for international scientific research cooperation of the School of Economics, in which the quality of participants and papers has maintained a high level. The School of Economics and the Financial Development and Risk Assessment Laboratory of HENU will make the best of academic activities to enhance the international capabilities of administrative teams and key researchers, in order to promote the development through exchanges.





¡¾Prev Page¡¿The 4th International Symposium on health and Development of Vulnerable Populations unveiled¡¾Next Page¡¿The 9th Annual High-End Forum of the Studies of Yellow River&the International Conference of¡°Interchange and Mutual Reference of Axial Civilizations and Inclusive Globalization ¡± was successfully hosted
